Code analysis for loglib.c:

1. Make use of return values to communicate information and to make error
   trapping easy for the calling program.

All functions use error returns (either -1 or NULL) on error.

2. Do not exit from functions. Instead, return an error value to allow the
   calling program flexibility in handling the error.

No functions call exit(), _exit(), or _Exit().

3. Make functions general but usable. (Sometimes these are conflicting goals.)

There's definitely room for improvement:
- addmsg could be modified to take only a char*, and construct a data_t with
  the current time on its own. Allow the caller to specify any time in the
  data_t seems like an unnessecary generality, since you're always going to
  want to the log the current time.
- It would be nice to be able to specify some formatting options for getlog().
  should it put the contents of each entry on a new line? Should the time/date
  be formatted differently?

4. Do not make unnecessary assumptions about sizes of buffers. (This is often
   hard to implement.)

I use MAX_CANON for maximum input length, otherwise no assumptions are made.

5. When it is necessary to use limits, use standard system-defined limits rather
   than arbitrary constants.

MAX_CANON defaults to its system-defined value in limits.h.

6. Do not reinvent the wheel—use standard library functions when possible.

I use plenty of string manipulation functions instead of doing things myself.

7. Do not modify input parameter values unless it makes sense to do so.

I think the only input I modify is to strip the "save " of the "save [filename]"
command.

8. Do not use static variables or dynamic memory allocation if automatic
   allocation will do just as well.

I use automatic allocation for the input buffer, whose maximum size is known.

9. Analyze all the calls to the malloc family to make sure the program frees
   the memory that was allocated.

I have to admit my guilt: clearlog doesn't free the string in data_t. free()
threw an error when I tried that. Forgive my sins.

10. Consider whether a function is ever called recursively or from a signal handler
or from a thread. Functions with variables of static storage class may not behave
in the desired way. (The error number can cause a big problem here.)

None of that here.

11. Analyze the consequences of interruptions by signals.

It's certainly possible to leak some mememory of have an open file handler in
savelog.

12. Carefully consider how the entire program terminates.

The only place it can terminate is from the "return 0" line of main.