Networking Chpt 3 part 3 Homework - Noah Weiner

P28	The value of rwnd in the ACKs host B sends will shrink, eventually throttling
	host A's send rate when it reaches 0.

P29	a.	So that when the server receives the next ACK, it can use the server
		sequence number to determine that this is the second ACK without using
		any allocated memory.
	b.	Only if the attacker knows the hash function.  The attacker must use a
		different source port or ip for each individual connection, which are part
		of the hash.
	c.	Yes.  Because the hash is a function of the soure and dest ip and port, the
		attacker can collect sequence numbers for every connection they wish to use
		over a broader period of time, and then flood the system later using those
		sequence numbers all at once.

P41	The AIAD approach would not lead to equal sharing.  I'd rather not draw an ASCII diagram, so I'll explain: assuming both connections experience a packet loss event at the same time, they increase over the same p periods. l However, one conecction may have a lrger congestion window than the other.  With multiplicative decrase, this connection willshrink its congestion window by a larger amount.  However, with addidtive decrease, both connections will shrink their congestion window by the same amount, so the advantaged connection will maintain that lead.

P43	Because the link can only transfer data from the send buffer to the internet at
	1/10th the speed the process can feed data into the buffer, and the buffer can
	only hold 1% of the file, the transfer will be throttled by the speed at which
	the link can clear out the buffer.

P46	a.	1500 kb
	b.	Avg cwnd: 1125 kb
		Avg throughput: 7.5Mbps 
	c.	74.55 s

P50	a.	I believe the circumstances described by the problem are impossible.  At
		time 0, both connections cwnd is 10.  This means that connection 1, with
		a RTT of 50 msec, is sending 200 segments/second.  Connection 2, with a
		RTT of 100 msec, is sending 100 segments/second.  The congested link is
		limited to 30 segments/second, so this is clearly a typo.
	b.	However, I don't believe this connection will be fair in the long run.
		Because connection 1 has a much shorter RTT, its window size will
		increase much faster than connection 2, meaning it will grab a larger
		share of the throughput each time the throughput limit is reached.
